- Part of your paid or free Microsoft account,
you can save your documents and other files to OneDrive
and then work with them from any device.
Start by going to onedrive.com.
And here click sign in
to sign in with your Microsoft account
or you can also create an account from here.
Be aware that you may already have an account.
Some ways you may have already created an account
include if you have a subscription to Microsoft 365,
if you have Hotmail or Outlook.com email address,
if you have a Skype account,
or if you have an Xbox Live account.
You can use any of these methods to sign in to
and access your OneDrive Cloud storage space.
If you do think you have an account
just enter your username here,
click next,
and enter your password.
And click sign in.
And once you're logged in
you'll have access to your OneDrive account
and all the files you have stored there.
Or if you don't think you have a Microsoft account,
go to onedrive.com and click sign up for free.
Then enter the email address you'd like to use.
If you don't have an email address
you'd like to use for your Microsoft account
you can click get a new email address,
and choose an outlook.com address.
Click next,
and create a password.
Click next again,
and then enter some basic information.
And that brings you to your new OneDrive account.
Again you can sign in or create an account at any time
by going to onedrive.com in you web browser.